align_pp_define_gap = 4
align_pp_define_span = 4
align_right_cmt_span = 1
cmt_star_cont = true
code_width = 80
eat_blanks_after_open_brace = true
eat_blanks_before_close_brace = true
indent_access_spec = -indent_columns
indent_align_string = true
indent_class = true
indent_class_colon = true
indent_columns = 4
indent_switch_case = 0
indent_with_tabs = 0
ls_for_split_full = true
ls_func_split_full = true
mod_add_long_ifdef_else_comment = 1
mod_add_long_ifdef_endif_comment = 1
mod_full_brace_do = remove
mod_full_brace_for = remove
mod_full_brace_if = remove
mod_full_brace_nl = 1
mod_full_brace_while = remove
mod_full_paren_if_bool = true
mod_move_case_break = true
mod_paren_on_return = remove
mod_remove_empty_return = true
nl_after_func_body = 2
nl_after_func_body_class = 2
nl_after_func_body_one_liner = 2
nl_after_label_colon = true
nl_after_multiline_comment = true
nl_after_try_catch_finally = 1
nl_assign_leave_one_liners = true
nl_before_block_comment = 2
nl_brace_else = remove
nl_brace_while = remove
nl_class_brace = remove
nl_class_init_args = force
nl_class_leave_one_liners = true
nl_collapse_empty_body = true
nl_comment_func_def = 1
nl_cpp_lambda_leave_one_liners = true
nl_create_for_one_liner = true
nl_create_if_one_liner = true
nl_create_while_one_liner = true
nl_define_macro = true
nl_do_brace = remove
nl_ds_struct_enum_close_brace = true
nl_ds_struct_enum_cmt = true
nl_else_brace = remove
nl_else_if = remove
nl_elseif_brace = remove
nl_end_of_file = force
nl_end_of_file_min = 1
nl_enum_brace = remove
nl_enum_leave_one_liners = true
nl_fcall_brace = remove
nl_fdef_brace = remove
nl_for_brace = remove
nl_func_decl_empty = remove
nl_func_decl_end = remove
nl_func_decl_start = remove
nl_func_leave_one_liners = true
nl_func_paren = remove
nl_func_var_def_blk = 1
nl_getset_leave_one_liners = true
nl_if_brace = remove
nl_if_leave_one_liners = true
nl_max = 3
nl_namespace_brace = remove
nl_oc_msg_leave_one_liner = true
nl_start_of_file = remove
nl_struct_brace = remove
nl_switch_brace = remove
nl_union_brace = remove
nl_while_brace = remove
nl_while_leave_one_liners = true
pos_arith = lead
pos_assign = trail
pos_bool = lead
pos_class_colon = trail
pos_class_comma = trail
pos_comma = trail
pos_compare = lead
pos_conditional = lead
pos_constr_colon = lead
pos_constr_comma = trail
pos_enum_comma = trail
pp_space = force
sp_after_angle = remove
sp_after_byref = force
sp_after_byref_func = force
sp_after_cast = remove
sp_after_class_colon = force
sp_after_comma = force
sp_after_dc = remove
sp_after_oc_colon = remove
sp_after_oc_scope = remove
sp_after_oc_type = remove
sp_after_operator = remove
sp_after_operator_sym = remove
sp_after_ptr_star = force
sp_after_ptr_star_func = force
sp_after_semi = force
sp_after_semi_for_empty = remove
sp_after_send_oc_colon = force
sp_after_sparen = force
sp_angle_paren = remove
sp_angle_word = force
sp_arith = force
sp_assign = force
sp_attribute_paren = remove
sp_before_angle = remove
sp_before_byref = remove
sp_before_byref_func = remove
sp_before_class_colon = force
sp_before_dc = remove
sp_before_nl_cont = remove
sp_before_oc_colon = remove
sp_before_ptr_star = remove
sp_before_ptr_star_func = remove
sp_before_semi_for = remove
sp_before_semi_for_empty = remove
sp_before_send_oc_colon = remove
sp_before_sparen = force
sp_before_square = remove
sp_before_squares = remove
sp_before_tr_emb_cmt = force
sp_before_unnamed_byref = remove
sp_before_unnamed_ptr_star = remove
sp_between_ptr_star = remove
sp_bool = force
sp_brace_catch = force
sp_brace_else = force
sp_brace_finally = force
sp_brace_typedef = force
sp_catch_brace = force
sp_catch_paren = force
sp_cmt_cpp_start = force
sp_compare = force
sp_cond_colon = force
sp_cond_question = force
sp_cpp_cast_paren = remove
sp_defined_paren = remove
sp_else_brace = force
sp_enum_assign = force
sp_finally_brace = force
sp_fparen_brace = force
sp_func_call_paren = remove
sp_func_call_user_paren = remove
sp_func_class_paren = remove
sp_func_def_paren = remove
sp_func_proto_paren = remove
sp_getset_brace = force
sp_inside_angle = remove
sp_inside_braces = force
sp_inside_braces_empty = remove
sp_inside_braces_enum = force
sp_inside_braces_struct = force
sp_inside_fparen = remove
sp_inside_fparens = remove
sp_inside_paren = remove
sp_inside_paren_cast = remove
sp_inside_sparen = remove
sp_inside_square = remove
sp_macro = force
sp_macro_func = remove
sp_num_before_tr_emb_cmt = 2
sp_paren_brace = force
sp_paren_paren = remove
sp_pp_concat = force
sp_pp_stringify = force
sp_return_paren = force
sp_sizeof_paren = remove
sp_sparen_brace = force
sp_special_semi = remove
sp_square_fparen = remove
sp_throw_paren = remove
sp_try_brace = force
sp_type_func = force
